WEEDS CONTROL
A wild  plants that is not wanted in garden because it prevents other plants from growing properly. This can be controlled by either done by chemical spreading or mechanical methods. In chemical weeds controls called Herbicides  used to kill certain plant or inhibit their growth. Mechanical controls  consists of methods that kill or suppress weeds through physical disruption such method include digging , disking, plowing and mowing etc.  

TERMITTES CONTROL
Termittes is a small insects  that lives in large groups mainly in hot Countries . Termittes eat wood of trees and buildings. Termittes can be controlled by concrete foundation and leave a ventilation space between soil and Wood.

COCKROACH CONTROL
A large dark brown insects usually found in dirty or slightly wet places. Cockroaches are attracted to dirty Dishes in sink, garbage and excess moisture. Cockroach in home can be controlled by spreading insecticides dust like Boric Acid and Diatomaceous Earth.

RODENT CONTROL
Rodent is a type of small animal such as A Rat, A Rabbit, A Mouse ETC which has strong sharp front teeth which damage property and transmit diseases. Rodent can be controlled by using snap and electronics traps . Rodenticides is used to kill rats, mice, and other rodent pests.

BUG CONTROL
Bed Bug are active mainly at night and usually bite people while they are sleeping. They feed by piercing the skin and withdrawing blood through an elongated beak. Bed bug can be controlled by rubbing  water Detergent powder mixture.

Lizard Control
A small reptile with four legs, dry skin and a long tail. To control lizard: reduce lizard food, treat the foundation and landscape around your building. The treatment with lizard spray (DFORCE AEROSOL) will kill unwanted insects which serves as lizard food, the treatment will also irritate lizards, so they won’t stay treated free.

Mosquito Control
Mosquito are common, flying insects that live worldwide when mosquitoes bite peoples, the most common reaction to the bite are itching and swelling. Mosquitoes can be controlled by removal of stagnant water and using mosquito bite chemicals.

Ant Control
Ants are social insects that live in large colonies. They can be controlled by sealing cracks, crevices and spraying a non-repellent residual insecticide.

Fly Control
Flies have been a nuisance insect. They affect human health because they can transmit diseases. Flies can be controlled by repairing windows screen and doors. Flies that feed these baits are killed by insecticides they digest. Many spray pyrethroid based insecticides can supplies houseflies in around homes.

Sanitizer
Hand Sanitizer, also called hand antiseptic, hand rub or, agent applied to the hands for the purpose of removing common pathogens.
